What nonsense are you talking about?
Ling Feng is from the Liu Group
He can't buy you.
I can't do that to him.
Ling Feng, I'm looking at you.
Is this really crazy?
You're still buying the company.
That's right, I'm determined to get Xingyue Media
Lin Feng I know you are rich now
But the acquisition of a company can easily cost tens of millions or even hundreds of millions.
It's not that you take out hundreds of thousands
It's so simple to reward the female anchor
Don't talk about hundreds of millions
Even if it is billions or hundreds of billions
I won't even blink.
There are still hundreds of billions of dollars.
I see
Definitely.
You pretend in front of your goddess of Philippines
I can't get off the stage now.
That's why you come here to talk nonsense.
Miss Wang, please be careful with your words
I noticed
The person you should pay attention to is your licking dog Ling Feng, right?
He even said he would acquire Xingyue Media.
What a big tone!
Miss Wang
Our brother Feng has submitted the acquisition qualification
And passed the review
Hey, he said it was passed, so it was passed.
Miss Lin, you are too naive and easy to be deceived.
Mr. Lin's acquisition qualifications have indeed passed the review
Mr. Qian
Mr. Qian, you are Mr. Qian from Xingyue Media
This lady
If you want to interview
Please come back another day.
After today's acquisition is completed
Mr. Lin in front of you
He is the new boss of Xingyue Media.